.\" Copyright © 2019 Jakub Wilk <jwilk@jwilk.net>
.\" SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

.TH DOCHTTX 1 2019-01-28 "dochttx 0.3" ""
.SH NAME
dochttx \- text mode teletext browser
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY dochttx
.OP \-d DEVICE
.OP \-l LANG\fR[,\fPLANG\fR\&.\|.\|.\&]
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dochttx
is a simple text-mode teletext browser.
.PP
It shows the teletext for the currently running TV channel (tuned by another TV application).
There is no support for channel switching.
.PP
Only analog TV is supported at the moment.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-d \fIDEVICE\fP
Use this VBI device.
The default is \fB/dev/vbi0\fP.
.TP
.B \-l \fILANG\fR[,\fILANG\fR\&.\|.\|.\&]
Use character sets appropriate for the selected languages:
.RS
.TP
.B ar
Arabic
.TP
.B bg
Bulgarian
.TP
.B cs
Czech
.TP
.B de
German
.TP
.B el
Greek
.TP
.B en
English
.TP
.B es
Spanish
.TP
.B et
Estonian
.TP
.B fi
Finnish
.TP
.B fr
French
.TP
.B he
Hebrew
.TP
.B hr-Cyrl
Croatian (Cyrillic)
.TP
.B hr-Latn
Croatian (Latin)
.TP
.B hu
Hungarian
.TP
.B it
Italian
.TP
.B lt
Lithuanian
.TP
.B pl
Polish
.TP
.B pt
Portuguese
.TP
.B ro
Romanian
.TP
.B ru
Russian
.TP
.B sk
Slovak
.TP
.B sl
Slovenian
.TP
.B sr-Cyrl
Serbian (Cyrillic)
.TP
.B sr-Latn
Serbian (Latin)
.TP
.B sv
Swedish
.TP
.B tr
Turkish
.TP
.B uk
Ukrainian
.RE
.IP
The default depends on the
.B LC_CTYPE
locale category.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version information and exit.
.SH CONFORMING TO
.UR https://www.etsi.org/\:deliver/\:etsi_en/\:300700_300799/\:300706/\:01.02.01_60/\:en_300706v010201p.pdf
ETSI EN 300 706 V1.2.1 (Enhanced Teletext specification)
.UE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR locale (7)
